docs: Add metro config wrapper and reanimated logger docs (#6467)
software-mansion/react-native-reanimated: packages/docs-reanimated/docs/fundamentals/getting-started.mdx

</details>

> ### Step 3: Wrap metro config with reanimated wrapper (recommended)

Reviewer: I strongly advocate for **not** adding installation steps to Reanimated in the fundamentals 

As this metro config is not required I would omit it from the fundamentals/getting-started

We could ask Expo to include it in their metro config tho

Reviewer 2: Could you elaborate? We find this feature to be of substantial benefit to the user, since eventually they would be guided to their offending code in errors from Reanimated.

I also don't like the fact that it bloats the installation procedure and makes it less approachable. How about creating a new subpage (albeit close to `getting-started`) about recommended installation steps/good practices?

Author: I can agree with @tjzel that users will benefit from adding this metro config wrapper and we should somehow make it clear for users that such a wrapper exists. Can you suggest any better solution than the current one? I like the idea that @tjzel suggested to add separate page with recommended configuration steps if you don't want to include this step in the getting started page.

Wrap your existing Metro configuration in the `metro.config.js` file with the `wrapWithReanimatedMetroConfig` function.

```js
const {

>   wrapWithReanimatedMetroConfig,

Reviewer: is it still possible to change the name of this function?

i'd prefer `adaptReanimatedMetroConfig(config)` or something

as this arguably doesn't wrap the config tho, it changes the fields in the config object

Reviewer 2: The name `wrapWithReanimatedMetroConfig` was coined to be on par with the visuals of using it:

```js
module.exports = wrapWithReanimatedMetroConfig(config); // config is "wrapped" here
```

I agree that `wrapWith` seems a bit odd. We could try `apply`, `add` or `mergeWith` instead.

Author: I wonder if `apply` or `merge` prefixes won't be even more confusing. They might suggest that some fields of the config would be overridden but the implementation of `wrapWithReanimatedMetroConfig` works in such a way that it takes into account users settings (including `symbolicator` field) and collapses these stack frames, which point to reanimated source code.

I previously used name `withReanimatedMetroConfig` (or `withReanimated`) but @tjzel suggested changing it to `wrapWithReanimatedMetroConfig`.

I have no strong opinion on how we should name this function so I can rename it if we decide on something.

} = require('react-native-reanimated/metro-config');

const config = {
  // Your existing Metro configuration options
};

module.exports = wrapWithReanimatedMetroConfig(config);
```

<details>
<summary>Why should I do this?</summary>

> By wrapping your Metro configuration with the Reanimated Metro config wrapper, you can enhance reanimated errors and warnings with more accurate call stacks. This makes it easier to identify issues within your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By wrapping your Metro configuration with the Reanimated Metro config wrapper, you can improve reanimated errors and warnings with more accurate call stacks. This makes it easier to identify issues within your code.
```

> By wrapping your Metro configuration with the Reanimated Metro config wrapper, you can enhance reanimated errors and warnings with more accurate call stacks. This makes it easier to identify issues within your code.

Reviewer 2: This sentence sound like the user helps Reanimated, because he _enhances reanimated error and warnings_. Let's reword it so we'd signify the benefit to the user more, i.e.:

```suggestion
Errors and warnings you encounter when you develop an app with Reanimated are sometimes indirect and difficult to understand. Reanimated Metro config wrapper handles these indirections internally and instead guides you directly to the offending code, providing clean and comprehensible information.

Unfortunately, we can't enable the wrapper in your app by default. 
```

Author: Too wordy for me. I can agree that the fragment _you can enhance_ of the sentence could be improved but I don't like your suggestion. I will think of something else.

Reviewer 2: Good for me 👍
